Update Quality Declaration to reflect QL 2 (#160). (#160)
ros/class_loader: QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

# class_loader Quality Declaration

The package `class_loader` claims to be in the **Quality Level 2** category.

> Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirement listed in the [Package Quality Categories in REP-2004](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2004.html) of the ROS2 developer guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirement listed in the [Package Quality Categories in REP-2004](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-quality-categories) of the ROS2 developer guide.
```

Author: Made a tweak. See https://github.com/ros/class_loader/pull/160/commits/873892b6db04d3e779cda31f18a6a238c4061cae.

Changes are required to make a best effort to keep or increase coverage before being accepted, but decreases are allowed if properly justified and accepted by reviewers.

> Current coverage statistics can be viewed [here](https://ci.ros2.org/job/ci_linux_coverage/lastSuccessfulBuild/cobertura/src_ros_class_loader_include_class_loader/). This package does not yet meet the 95% coverage guideline, but it is currently above 90%.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a link to the developer guide explaining how to calculate coverage? Such as

```
A description of how coverage statistics are summarized from this page, can be found in the ["ROS 2 Onboarding Guide"](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/ROS-2-On-boarding-Guide/#note-on-coverage-runs).
```

See this example: https://github.com/ros2/rcutils/pull/260/files#diff-92440392597dfc3b7adb67bc4ed481b3R118

Author: Done in https://github.com/ros/class_loader/pull/160/commits/7f6b7254cd794b29b4805e02be1dd391fac7e1e5.
